docs: Adjust tfm restrictions for 5.2+ single project (#17229)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/guides/solution-building-single-targetframework.md

            <!-- <OverrideTargetFramework Condition="''!='hint: Desktop'">net8.0-desktop</OverrideTargetFramework> -->
            <!-- <OverrideTargetFramework Condition="''!='hint: iOS'">net8.0-ios</OverrideTargetFramework> -->
            <!-- <OverrideTargetFramework Condition="''!='hint: Android'">net8.0-android</OverrideTargetFramework> -->
            <!-- <OverrideTargetFramework Condition="''!='hint: MacCatalyst'">net8.0-maccatalyst</OverrideTargetFramework> -->
        </PropertyGroup>
    </Project>
    ```

    Make sure to replace `net8.0` and `-windows10.0.19041.0` with the appropriate version from your `.csproj` project.

- You can commit `solution-config.props.sample` to your source control.
- Next, make a copy of `solution-config.props.sample` to `solution-config.props`. This file is [automatically loaded](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/blob/71f1d5ab067c0dcfad2f4cccd310e506cdeaf6bf/src/Uno.Sdk/targets/Uno.Import.SolutionConfig.props#L9) by the `Uno.Sdk`.
- If you're using git, add this `solution-config.props` to your `.gitignore`.

  > [!NOTE]
  > This avoids altering the target frameworks or your own CI, as well as other clones made by other developers.

> - Follow the directives from the file, uncommenting one of the `OverrideTargetFramework` to your choosing.
> - In the project head, as well as any other libraries using the `Sdk="Uno.Sdk"`, add the following block immediately below the last `<TargetFrameworks>` line:
> 
>     ```xml
>     <TargetFrameworks Condition=" '$(OverrideTargetFramework)' != '' ">$(OverrideTargetFramework)</TargetFrameworks>
>     ```
> 
> - Once done, if you're in Visual Studio 2022, you may need to close and re-open your solution, or otherwise click the reload button. For other IDEs, the projects will reload automatically.
> 
> At this point, you'll notice that the list of target frameworks available in the debugger will have reduced to the list you added in `OverrideTargetFramework`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the directives from the file, uncommenting one of the `OverrideTargetFramework` to your choosing.
- In the project head, as well as any other libraries using the `Sdk="Uno.Sdk"`, add the following block immediately below the last `<TargetFrameworks>` line:

    ```xml
    <TargetFrameworks Condition=" '$(OverrideTargetFramework)' != '' ">$(OverrideTargetFramework)</TargetFrameworks>
    ```

- Once done, if you're in Visual Studio 2022, you may need to close and re-open your solution or otherwise click the reload button. For other IDEs, the projects will reload automatically.

At this point, you'll notice that the list of target frameworks available in the debugger will have been reduced to the list you added in `OverrideTargetFramework`.

```

> [!NOTE]
> The `solution-config.props` is automatically included in a `.gitignore` file to avoid having your CI environment build only for one target.

## Cross-targeted library builds in Visual Studio

While building with the command line `dotnet build -f net7.0-ios` only builds the application's head and the class library for `net7.0-ios`, as of Visual Studio 17.8, class library builds are considering all target frameworks, [regardless of the project head's target framework](https://developercommunity.visualstudio.com/t/Building-a-cross-targeted-project-with-m/651372) being built. _(Please help the Uno Platform community by upvoting the issue!)_

Considering that during development, it is common to work on a single platform at a given time, the two sections below contain a suggested set of changes to the Uno Platform solution that can be performed on the solution to restrict the active build platform, and therefore significantly speed up build times and make intellisense respond faster.

> Choose the section that covers your cases, whether you're using a solution built using Uno Platform 5.0 templates, or if it was created with an earlier version.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Choose the section covering your cases, whether you're using a solution built using Uno Platform 5.0 templates or created with an earlier version.
```
